Update PureFA integration to v1.1.0 (#1750)
DataDog/integrations-extras: purefa/README.md

 - Agent v7.26.x+ to utilize OpenMetricsBaseCheckV2
 - Python 3

>  - The Pure Storage OpenMetrics exporter is installed and running in a containerized environment. Refer to the [GitHub repo][1] for installation instructions.

Reviewer: 👋 For this setup do you envision users using a containerized agent as well? The reason why I'm asking is because installing the an extras check in a containerized agent isn't really straightforward. But if the intended setup involves just having the agent in the host/node and polling metrics from containers then it should be fine.

Author: I'd really like it to be that way! So I'd like to keep the option open to our customers. 

The idea would be for the datadog-agent containers running in k8s to directly query the OpenMetrics containers that we have an image for (linked in the readme) in the same cluster.

Reviewer: Gotcha. I envision some difficulty with customers using the check with a containerized agent because the agent will need to be restarted after the check/integration installation step, which isn't really easy since the container will just get deleted and a new one will be created to take it's place. But that might be outside the scope of this PR.

Author: Agree, but will keep in mind and I'll probably reach out if any customers specifically require it. Also there's also other methods of ingestion that we are working on that could even bypass the need for this agent integration. (PureFA OTel Receiver)

[Run the Agent's status subcommand][6] and look for `purefa` under the Checks section.

> ### Upgrades

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Upgrading to new versions of this integration
```

This feels clearer to me, but feel free to re-word as needed

#### From PureFA Agent Check 1.0.x to 1.1.x

1.1.x supports both [Pure Storage OpenMetrics exporter][1] and the deprecated [Pure Storage Prometheus exporter][14]

> The dashboard for the deprecated [Pure Storage Prometheus exporter][14] has been moved to `Pure FlashArray - Overview (Legacy Exporter)`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The dashboard for the deprecated [Pure Storage Prometheus exporter][14] has been renamed to `Pure FlashArray - Overview (Legacy Exporter)`
```

> A listing of metrics that are both shared and unique to the different exporters are listed in [metrics.py][15]. You may need to update your dashboards and/or your alerts to match the new metrics names when migrating from the [Pure Storage Prometheus exporter][14] to the [Pure Storage OpenMetrics exporter][1]. Please contact Pure Storage via the contact infomation below if you have any questions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A listing of metrics that are both shared and unique to the different exporters are listed in [metrics.py][15]. You may need to update your dashboards and/or your alerts to match the new metrics names when migrating from the [Pure Storage Prometheus exporter][14] to the [Pure Storage OpenMetrics exporter][1]. Please contact Pure Storage with the information in the Support tab if you have any questions.
```

Author: Good catch, i didn't consider how it's viewed in the datadog interface.

> A listing of metrics that are both shared and unique to the different exporters are listed in [metrics.py][15]. You may need to update your dashboards and/or your alerts to match the new metrics names when migrating from the [Pure Storage Prometheus exporter][14] to the [Pure Storage OpenMetrics exporter][1]. Please contact Pure Storage with the information in the Support tab if you have any questions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A listing of metrics that are both shared and unique to the different exporters are listed in [metrics.py][15]. You may need to update your dashboards and/or your alerts to match the new metric names when migrating from the [Pure Storage Prometheus exporter][14] to the [Pure Storage OpenMetrics exporter][1]. Please contact Pure Storage with the information in the Support tab if you have any questions.
```

> When migrating from [Pure Storage OpenMetrics exporter][1] to the [Pure Storage Prometheus exporter][14], the endpoints no longer have `/flasharray` in the endpoint URI.

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't the migration be the other way around for this update? Prometheus -> OpenMetrics?

Author: Good catch. Updated.

> In future versions the PureFA Agent Check, the metric names from the Pure Storage Prometheus exporter will be removed.
> 
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In future versions of the PureFA Agent Check, the metric names from the Pure Storage Prometheus exporter will be removed.
```
